README.md, before:

# SVG-LOGO-MAKER
![Screenshot](./library/images/VS:CHROME.png)
![Screenshot](.//library/images/circle.png)
![Screenshot](.//library/images/square.png)
![Screenshot](.//library/images/triangle.png)

  [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Description
  Simple way to produce a logo using up to three characters with your choice of colored text and fill in a circle, triangle, or square. 

  ## Table of Contents
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Contributing](#contibuting)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation 
  - ```npm install inquirer@8.2.4```
  - ```npm install --save-dev jest```

  ## Usage
 To use the application, run ```node index.js``` on the command line.  You will then be prompted to answeer quetions in order to produce your SVG logo.

  ## Credits
  - David Gray GitHub grayd500
  - Xpert Learning Assistant

  ## License
  [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Features


  ## Contributing
  

  ## Tests
  Run ```npx test```  on the command line to test function of shapes and colors.

  ## Questions
  If you have questions, you can contact me at [cimarron13@mac.com](mailto:cimarron13@mac.com) or <a href="https://github.com/cjenschke">GitHub</a>.

Commit message:

added demo video to README

README.md, after:

# SVG-LOGO-MAKER
![Screenshot](./library/images/VS:CHROME.png)
![Screenshot](.//library/images/circle.png)
![Screenshot](.//library/images/square.png)
![Screenshot](.//library/images/triangle.png)

  [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Description
  Simple way to produce a logo using up to three characters with your choice of colored text and fill in a circle, triangle, or square. 

  ## Table of Contents
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Contributing](#contibuting)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation 
  - ```npm install inquirer@8.2.4```
  - ```npm install --save-dev jest```

  ## Usage
 To use the application, run ```node index.js``` on the command line.  You will then be prompted to answeer quetions in order to produce your SVG logo.  Click video below for demo of how the generator works.
  
 [![Watch the video](https://img.youtube.com/vi/mz9CE4IC_Uk<VIDEO_ID>)](https://youtu.be/mz9CE4IC_Uk<VIDEO_ID>)




  ## Credits
  - David Gray GitHub grayd500
  - Xpert Learning Assistant
  - Bootcamp class

  ## License
  [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Features


  ## Contributing
  

  ## Tests
  Run ```npx test```  on the command line to test function of shapes and colors.

  ## Questions
  If you have questions, you can contact me at [cimarron13@mac.com](mailto:cimarron13@mac.com) or <a href="https://github.com/cjenschke">GitHub</a>.
